welcome to pc with kids Tech Talk hi
guys this is the ocz ddr3 4 gigabyte kit
that I'm we're looking at here the AMD
platinum edition now this one here is
high performance Ram so if you're
looking for four gigabytes kit as
opposed to two gigabyte kit from
somewhere else well this might be it for
you it's made for AMD it's got low
voltage 1.65 so you can overclock it and
the default timing is 777 24 okay rated
at 1600 megahertz that's the the highest
that you can rate there and the heat
spreader that it's using is of course
that platinum a heat spreader that it's
got the xt z and it's got the honeycomb
holes going across to dissipate heat so
that's very nice so it keeps it nice and
cool one thing that I like about it is
that it doesn't have these large heat
sinks necessarily so if you have a test
system like the one that I'm using today
that is using the latest coolermaster
v10 cpu cooler there's not a lot of
space there between the RAM and the
cooler so this fit in perfectly with
lots of air to spare on there so this is
the system as you can see i'm running
crossfire 48 90 s latest gigabyte
motherboard and the rest of the
components as i've reviewed them before
my other video reviews so this system
here i'm also going to compare it
against a 2 gigabyte kit from king
Pinkston basically but here are the cpu
settings as you can see the multiplier
the Northbridge frequency the front side
bus you can see all the other settings
that i've got this set up to be at 3.8
gigahertz for the cpu the the phenom 2
and the memory clock is at about 1333
that's what I had it stable and then I
went in and I increase the voltage just
a teeny bit from 1.65 to 1.7 and then
went into the drm configuration and
manually set the timings as suggested by
the manufacturer 2777 24 right so those
are the manual settings that i went in
and i change them
and anybody can just say well let's just
increase and make this overclocked and
hey look at my settings but doesn't mean
that it's stable right the key here is
to get it to work stable for hours and
not crash on you right so this is what
I've got that ran stable right so for
those of you that are wondering oh well
I'm underclocking it or I'm overclocking
it or you would have done it differently
well it depends on the system not
everybody can get the same settings
right and depends on your configuration
when you stress test things everybody
has slightly different settings but I
went on to the OCC forum I read around
to see what other people had and this is
basically what I agree came stable on my
system after writing stress tests on it
ok so again going through the cpu z
settings just quickly here so you can
see my setup I got the Phenom 2955
overclocked 3.8 gigahertz I've got as
you can see there the multiplier the bus
speed you can see here under the
motherboard that it's the gigabyte and
you can see here under the memory the
unbanked northbridge frequency the drm
frequency which is 669 that's 1333
effectively total and 777 24 and the 3d
vantage score was 16 505 a little bit
higher than the kingston which was
running at a higher speed so there you
go of course they're both the same price
just so you know roughly you were to buy
these so do you want before gigabyte kit
or two gigabyte kit so that's up to you
and here's the 3dmark 06 score again
comparing it to something close and
performance right you don't necessarily
have to have the exact same Ram to prove
that things are comparable right so that
I wanted to show you some people are not
sure whether they can they're going to
buy a 2 gigabyte kit or 4 gigabyte kit
well this one is the same price right so
if you were to go out and buy it just
similar price so it's just so you know
now when i ran the games because i read
a whole bunch basically you're really
only getting about 5 to 10 frames per
second more with the ocz compared to the
kingston for example right so on devil
may cry for Iran
same thing twice on stalker here I ran
it twice with both Rams same thing it's
only 5 to 10 frames per second more that
you're getting with the four gigs ocz so
if you're into the gaming and you want
more frames per second when it squeeze
as much as possible obviously the OCC is
going to give you more right it's going
to give you more for the same price now
of course that's what you're looking for
and that's what you what you should get
and I definitely recommend it obviously
because it's great for the price and the
looks are great and it fits very nicely
in my in my system with the cooler so I
like to thank goes easy for providing it
and I hope you enjoyed the video and
thank you for watching